Category;Politician;Statement
Demokratie;Winston Churchill;Demokratie ist die schlechteste Regierungsform – abgesehen von all den anderen, die man von Zeit zu Zeit ausprobiert hat.
Krieg;Winston Churchill;We shall fight on the beaches
Krieg;Winston Churchill;Never was so much owed by so many to so few
Patriotismus;John F. Kennedy;Frage nicht, was dein Land für dich tun kann – frage, was du für dein Land tun kannst.
Freiheit;John F. Kennedy;Ich bin ein Berliner
Raumfahrt;John F. Kennedy;We choose to go to the Moon...
Demokratie;Abraham Lincoln;Government of the people, by the people, for the people
Demokratie;Abraham Lincoln;Four score and seven years ago...
Angst;Franklin D. Roosevelt;The only thing we have to fear is fear itself
Demokratie;Ronald Reagan;Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall
Regierung;Ronald Reagan;Government is not the solution to our problem
Motivation;Barack Obama;Yes we can
Veränderung;Barack Obama;Change we can believe in
Gesellschaft;Barack Obama;We are the change we have been waiting for
Motivation;Nelson Mandela;Es erscheint immer unmöglich, bis es vollbracht ist
Erfolg;Nelson Mandela;Die größte Ehre im Leben liegt nicht darin, nie zu fallen, sondern jedes Mal wieder aufzustehen
Freiheit;Nelson Mandela;Freiheit ist nicht nur die Abwesenheit von Fesseln
Bildung;Nelson Mandela;Education is the most powerful weapon
Veränderung;Mahatma Gandhi;Sei du selbst die Veränderung, die du dir wünschst für diese Welt
Gewalt;Mahatma Gandhi;An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
Leben;Mahatma Gandhi;Live as if you were to die tomorrow
Politik;Margaret Thatcher;There is no alternative
Politik;Margaret Thatcher;The lady’s not for turning
Krieg;Charles de Gaulle;France has lost a battle, but not the war
Gesellschaft;Charles de Gaulle;How can you govern a country which has 246 varieties of cheese?
Freiheit;Benjamin Franklin;They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety
Philosophie;John Adams;Facts are stubborn things
Gleichheit;Thomas Jefferson;All men are created equal
Politik;Harry S. Truman;The buck stops here
Führung;Dwight D. Eisenhower;"Plans are nothing; planning is everything"
Krieg;Winston Churchill;We shall fight on the beaches
Krieg;Winston Churchill;We shall fight on the seas and oceans
Führung;Theodore Roosevelt;Speak softly and carry a big stick
Politik;Helmut Schmidt;Wer Visionen hat, sollte zum Arzt gehen
Demokratie;Willy Brandt;Mehr Demokratie wagen
Krieg;Dwight D. Eisenhower;Plans are useless, but planning is indispensable
Politik;Ronald Reagan;Government is the problem
Steuern;Margaret Thatcher;There is no such thing as public money, only taxpayers' money
Krieg;Winston Churchill;We shall never surrender
Krieg;Winston Churchill;This was their finest hour
Motivation;Abraham Lincoln;I am a slow walker, but I never walk back
Bildung;Benjamin Franklin;Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn
Freiheit;John Adams;Liberty, once lost, is lost forever
Freiheit;Thomas Jefferson;I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery
Motivation;Theodore Roosevelt;Do what you can, with what you have, where you are
Arbeit;Harry S. Truman;If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen
Zukunft;Franklin D. Roosevelt;The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today
Motivation;Barack Obama;A change is brought about because ordinary people do extraordinary things
Motivation;Nelson Mandela;It always seems impossible until it's done
Leben;Mahatma Gandhi;Where there is love there is life
